docs(wildfly): document wildfly 27 and jakarta support (#1424)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/user-guide/process-applications/the-process-application-class.md

</beans>
```

> Remember that you additionally need a `META-INF/processes.xml` file.

Reviewer: 🔧 We can rewrite this a bit, I think.
```suggestion
Remember to additionally add a `META-INF/processes.xml` file.
```

Author: 👍
